# The 20-Hour Head Start
## A start-up kit for front end web developers

### Requirements
This project have some requirements you need to meet in order to compile it. First of all, you need NodeJS in order to run javascript on the console, you can go to the [NodeJS](http://nodejs.org) site and follow trough the installation process. After you get the `node` command on the console, you need to install Gulp and Bower globally with the following command.

```
node install -g gulp bower
```

Gulp is the one that will run all the compilation, watchers and others tasks. Bower will get the dependencies for the client side (like jQuery). Those are the only requirements to run this project.

### Install
To get started, go in the console to the project folder and execute the following command to gather all the dependencies. Run this in the console:
```
npm install && bower install
```
After the process finishes you will have all you need to start coding.

### How to use
If you are in development, the `gulp start` command is the best choice for you. Go to the project folder in the console and execute `gulp start`, it will compile the project and start a server that will refresh every time you change something in the code. Gulp will be watching for changes and will tell you how to access the project from local and public url. Every browser that point to that url will be auto refreshed. As an extra feature for testing purpose any interaction on one browser will be reflected on any others. Try it on a phone, tablet and pc at the same time.

Here are some other commands that you should know:

* **start**: Compile and watch for changes (For development)
* **clean**: Removes all the compiled files on ./build
* **js**: Compile the JavaScript files
* **pug**: Compile the Pug templates
* **sass**: Compile the Sass styles
* **images**: Copy the newer to the build folder
* **favicon**: Copy the favicon to the build folder
* **vendors**: Copy the vendors to the build folder
* **build**: Build the project
* **watch**: Watch for any changes on the each section
* **help**: Print this message in the console
* **browsersync**: Start the browsersync server

Every command must be executed on the root directory of the project using the gulp command like `gulp clean` or `gulp build`

## Structure
The project has a very simple and flexible structure. If the default place for any file or directory needs to be moved, be sure to update to the new position in the config.js file.

```
├───build -> All the compiled files will be placed here (Distribution)
│   ├───assets -> Compiled Assets
│   ├───index.html -> Compiled Pug files
│   ├───vendors -> Project dependencies
├───source -> Source files for the project
│   ├───assets -> Assets for the project
│   │   ├───img -> Images
│   │   └───js -> Scripts
│   ├───sass  -> Sass styles
│   │   └───main.sass -> Main file in where all other sass files should be included.
│   ├───vendors -> Vendors folder for all the dependencies (Managed by Bower)
│   └───views -> Templates directory for Pug files
│   │   └───index.pug
├───.bowerrc -> Define where the dependencies will be installed
├───bower.json -> Bower configuration file for managing project dependencies
├───package.json -> NodeJS configuration file for managing Node dependencies
├───gulpfile.js -> Gulp Tasks
├───config.js -> Project configuration
```
All the files in the build folder will be auto-generated by the different tasks when the project compiles. Be sure to not modify any file manually in the build folder because changes will be overwritten during the compile process.

## Configuration
This project has some nice configuration options to meet your needs. To configure, you need to edit the `config.js` file and change any value you need. Every aspect of this configuration is described in the file so that you know the options.

### Credits
This build system was built on top of the work of two other developers:

[Travis Neilson](http://travisneilson.com)
[Maikel Rivero Dorta](https://github.com/mriverodorta)

All modules and SASS files were written by [Brian Haferkamp](https://twitter.com/BrianHaferkamp)

Questions, comments, etc.:
[Email](mailto:brian.haferkamp@gmail.com) or [contact Brian on Twitter](https://twitter.com/BrianHaferkamp)
